(upbeat music)
- Yeah, we're here.
- Where are we, Greg?
- We're in the Chateaule, Greg.
In my mid-century basement bar
with special guest Baboy the Cat,
jumping on everything.
- Bounding.
- 'Cause he's decided, since I've moved in here,
that this whole downstairs, this is a domain.
He gets excited anytime anyone's down here.
- I think you got it twisted.
This entire fucking house is a domain.
Like you just live here.
- You doesn't give a fuck about the upstairs.
- He gets so excited if I stand up
and I start moving towards the basement steps.
He just like runs down here,
gets all fucking hyped up.
Ever since I put that couch there,
that couch he went apshit for immediately,
like jumped on it and never got off of it.
Like he just decided like, that's his.
Like I just finished vacuuming all the cat for off of it
before you guys got here,
'cause it was just covered in it.
He's just been squatting on my couch.
- 'Cause he knows this is where the party's going to be.
- Yeah. - Absolutely.
Should we describe what we're seeing?
- No.
- People aren't allowed to know.
- I don't think they could handle it.
- You posted it on the internet already.
(laughs)
Only part of it.
All right, that's right.
- Yeah.
The rest must be left to speculation.
Now that people can have physical parties
in the meat space,
there's gonna be some orgies in here for sure.
Some Illuminati secret parties.
Maybe some tabletop gaming, but.
- Right, right.
- If we can squeeze it in,
you know, it's gonna be pretty busy down here.
(laughs)
'Tis the season.
- Yeah, you know, it was famous.
Hallmark cards 'Tis the season
for secret Illuminati sex orgies.
- Yeah.
- That's what that's about, right?
- I don't know.
- I don't really understand Christianity.
- Yeah.
There's that guy dying day too or whatever.
Born, sorry, born the other one.
It's Easter.
- What does he come back to?
- Fuck, I don't know.
I'm not good at this.
I was a Catholic.
I've rejected all of this.
- So your Catholicism is on par with like
all of the French that I learned in middle school.
You just forget all of it.
- Yeah.
- So Greg, what are you drinking in your,
in this very lovely fancy red zinger?
- Never had red zinger.
Is that herbal?
- Yeah.
- It's delicious.
- Is it raspberry?
Like, I forget it.
- No, it's mostly like cherry-ish.
- What does zinger come from?
What does zinger mean?
Is it taste?
- It's like a celestial season red zinger.
I used to get a high of all the time.
- Yeah.
- There's like a lemon zinger.
- Yeah, there's a lemon zinger, orange zinger.
I used to be my go-to at the beehive,
and I'd get a big old pot red zinger.
- Some honey.
- All right then.
Does it taste like a Dr. Rapper?
- No.
- Just a little coke in it.
- Not at all.
- All right.
- Honestly, I've never had a zinger.
- Like, almost like a fruit punchy,
it's like a flavor, yeah, it's zingy here.
(both laughing)
- Got the zing on full effect.
- I don't know what zing tastes like.
That's the problem I'm having here.
- Maybe you'll find out one to use your imagination.
- I did, but all I keep coming back to is Dr. Rapper.
- There's a little bit of zing to Dr. Rapper.
- There is.
- That is true.
- A little bit of a, you know, a little zip.
- I'm not wrong here.
- Cheer wine.
- I've had cheer wine.
- It's got that same Dr. Mm-Rish as it to it.
- Okay, okay.
- It does.
- But it tastes absolutely nothing like this tea.
- No.
- Just so you know.
- I'm so confused.
I know less about this tea than when we started.
- What about you?
- Oh, so I'm drinking a jax.
It's a, I believe it's from Pennsylvania.
- Helens blend, it says.
- It's Helens blend and it is not fresh.
- It's been aged right here.
- It's been aged unintentionally aged.
So the, every Tuesday night, I played it under the dragons.
Going on for like 15 years, I think, no.
Maybe longer, I don't know.
We're teeny, you know, someone be like,
oh, we're getting low on beer.
Buy a bunch of beer, bunch of cider.
Have it sort of stockpiled, you know.
And refresh the pile every once in a while.
This stock is from right before a pandemic.
We bought a bunch, it was sitting there.
And then--
- Second to be like a new thing.
Special vintage pre-pandemic.
- Yes.
(laughing)
- It tastes fine and it doesn't seem to be dangerous.
There's probably other stuff that is less friendly
to the post pandemic.
- It's like pre-war, post-war.
No, we got a pre-pandemic post-war.
- Gotta get that pre, it's so much more valuable.
- Yeah.
Rare, rare bird.
- Everything after it was shit.
(laughing)
- So that's what I'm drinking now.
- And what do you got there, Nick?
- I'm triple-fist in it today.
So I'm drinking one of these ciders
that's gonna make us sick.
Drinking a toasted white chocolate Starbucks drink
that's definitely gonna make me fucking sick.
And then this elderberry kombucha
that's gonna make me not sick.
So hopefully it balances all out.
- Just all cancels each other out.
- Yeah, I can't but better.
Needed some caffeine.
I had this, I actually like drove,
I was pulling out of the driveway,
stopped my car, pulled back in, got this drink
and something else, this hat that I forgot.
'Cause I was like, oh, it's kinda cold.
And thank God I got the drink, right?
- You know what though, this may be saving you
because between the potentially dangerous jacks
and that Starbucks drink that you described,
that sounds like hell,
the kombucha might be the only thing
that saves your stomach later.
- Or I'll just be projectile vomiting in the 15 minutes.
(laughing)
- All over this new basement.
- Damn it.
- New to Greg basement.
- Yeah, I guess I could expand a little bit on the fact
that this is- - You're being really
secretive about this basement.
- I'm secretive Dave, I'm mysterious.
- Just let 'em in a little bit,
just a little bit, a little tidbit.
- Little tease, yeah.
- I mean, I already said it's a mid-century bar,
but yeah, how to describe it I guess?
I don't know, surrounded by almond wood paneling
and yeah, from Mika.
(laughing)
- No, what is this?
This?
- Why do you solve this?
- This would not be for Mika.
- No.
- No, it's a,
I don't know.
- It's a nice checker bar top.
Weird red acrylic I imagine paneling.
- Yeah, there's red glass and red acrylic everywhere.
- Yeah.
- No, Doug, it's fabulous.
It really does look amazing.
- Yeah, it's my new spot.
Been living here for about a month now.
- A lot has happened since the last episode.
- Yeah.
- Including me moving into a house.
Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, dude.
Good to be here.
And this is episode 30
and we're gathered face to face
for the second time in a year and a half.
- Wow.
- Yeah, yeah.
And yeah, like what, 16, 17 months?
Something like that.
- I feel like this one's gonna stick though.
'Cause the last one we just did it
because it was like we had dipped into like yellow zone
or like whatever, like it wasn't super dangerous.
So we gave it a shot.
And like now we're all vaccinated.
Now we're invincible.
- Yeah.
- Now we can do anything.
Our super mutant abilities have yet the surface
from our 5G shots, but I'm waiting.
- Yeah.
- I'm excited.
See what the big reveal is.
- What do you think you're getting?
- I'm saying I'm getting Wolverine claws, dude.
Absolutely.
- I've just been buying lots
of Microsoft products lately.
(both laughing)
That's a sick ability, bro.
- So, did anybody have any notes,
any things they wanna talk about?
- Someone has some notes.
- You said, "Goddamn, yeah, that's a lot of notes."
- He's got lots of text.
- A wall of text I'm looking at.
- 'Cause I'm better, I've always been better
just typing my thoughts rather than speaking them.
So sometimes if I have a thought, I'll just jump in here.
I really don't have much notes.
- Do you wanna just use like text to speech for that
so you don't even have to talk?
- Yes, just what that run.
- Microsoft Sam.
- This module sucks, period.
- What was the, what was the,
that came with the Sound Blaster card?
- Oh, fuck.
Dr. Spade-Zo.
- Yes.
- Wow, that's a deep cut.
(both laughing)
- That's embedded in me, Dr. Spade-Zo.
Those are magical things back then.
- You got your Sound Blaster 16 and your voodoo graphics card.
- That's pretty cool.
- Go, ready to play Unreal 99.
(both laughing)
- But that's not what we're here to talk about.
We're here to talk about what's on your notes.
- We're putting a lot of weight on my notes.
I think it's really good.
- But like if your notes really aren't like,
well we've already covered Sound Blaster 16.
I'm supposed to get that one.
- I'm done.
- That's half the list.
- At the top of my notes,
some of the random thoughts I had was hot topics and news.
I got Muff Wiggler's transition
to a non-binary, non-gender conforming web form.
And is now known as Maud Wiggler.
And no one cares.
Mr. Dataline walks away from the electron.
No one cares.
But who will be the face of that company now?
Question mark, good question.
Who knows?
- Your heart's not in these news updates at all.
- No, these are not good news.
And I don't know, like, you know.
I mean, I'm actually pretty on board with the Muff Wiggler
change.
I mean, I think there's no reason not to try to be more
inclusive.
And if someone's like, I'm gonna argue with you.
- That's fine.
(laughing)
But it's one of the things where like,
if it's a small change, I could have a big impact
to make people not feel like it's just a hobby for white male.
- True.
But I feel like almost every time that that has come up
on the forums, people who aren't white males have weighed in
and said they've never felt excluded due to the name.
It's usually the certain individuals that do that.
You know what I mean?
- You know what I mean?
- The name I don't think was ever really offending anybody.
- That's fair.
I mean, that's certainly a separate issue
that needs to be addressed independently than this.
But from like someone who's not a white male who's like,
"I'm interested in this," and they do a Google search
and it's gear sluts and muff wiggler,
well, this doesn't sound like this is for me.
This sounds like this is for white males who think
this is an okay way to speak.
- White males can be sluts too.
- That fair, but like that's--
- I can't have them off.
(laughing)
- That could all open up, mussi.
- I generally don't have a retort to that.
Perhaps you have won this round.
- You just dropped a bomb on that one.
- Yeah.
If the name change does in fact make it a more inclusive
and positive vibe overall than I'm for it,
but I don't think anyone cared much one way or the other
except for like certain people just wanted to nitpick it.
- You know what I mean?
- And there's gonna be assholes,
but at least it's not on the front door, on the side.
Now you have to go inside to find out
that half the people here are pieces of shit,
but at least it's at least welcoming you
past the Google search.
- I wonder do you have people even know the origin story
some of the people complaining as to like their two
electronic pedagl-- - Yeah.
- Pedals, the big muff and the, I forget,
voltage wiggler or something wiggler.
- Yeah.
- And the big muff, I even traced the origin
'cause there are articles about this
and it was because the sound was muffled.
It's why they named it the big muff.
- I'm sure at the end of the day,
there was probably some marketing.
I was like, yeah, if there's a double entendre here,
then nobody's gonna be like super upset.
- Sure.
- But you can't do that.
But yeah, wiggler and then the kind of combination,
like Wambo, the two of them.
And the fact that Mike came up with it
and it's his forum or was his forum,
it's kind of like, yeah, you know,
you kind of wanna retain it.
It feels a little weird to change it,
but I'm over it too at first.
I was like, oh, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But now it's like, okay, don't care in some ways.
And also if it's like, if they wanna make it
so it's something that nobody ever has to talk about again,
I get it, you know.
- And I think also as time moves forward,
our sensibilities change.
What's okay one year isn't later.
And Ardo and the way Ardo is made evolves with that.
So, you know, something 10 years ago
may have had a different context
or maybe wasn't as big a deal as it is now.
Well, you need to adjust with the times
and you can either look at it and go,
is this an improvement we can make
and we wanna be a part of?
Or can you sort of like,
there are people that will continue to say,
like and use shitty slurs for some groups of people
because this is, I've always used this
or this is like other people aren't offended by it.
Like that's where you draw your line.
That's what you wanna, like,
that's the hill you wanna die on.
That's fine.
I think that's stupid.
- Yeah, I feel you.
I also just don't like the new name though too,
'cause I just think it's just like, oh, mot, like,
I don't know.
- It's very super nervous.
- It's super nervous.
- Yeah, that's silly.
- Yeah.
- I feel like if there was gonna be a name change
then just fucking go all in and come up with something.
Zany, crazy, whatever the fuck, something creative.
I mean, Muffwiggler, you know,
I guess controversial as the name can be at times
for people, it was unique.
- Oh yeah.
- But, you know what I mean?
It was something different.
It stood out from your typical Nerikaz gear form.
- Yeah.
- You know what I mean?
- You'll still always call it like muffs.
You know, it's just so quick to call it.
You can't call it mots, it just doesn't make sense.
- You know what I mean?
- Like, gear slots, they probably should have changed ages ago.
And that one's a little more egregious,
but Muffwiggler's a little more like,
oh, some of you weren't even around here too,
like back in the day to pull the old man shit out,
but it is kind of like a little hard to see a change.
But on the other hand, I don't give a fuck either.
If I go from having 11 goos to 11,
like, you know, completely boring person icons though,
I'm fucking out.
- I wonder if my goo mug that says Muffwiggler for life.
I wonder if that's like gonna be a collectible now.
It's gonna be worth money, man.
- Get that shwam and money.
- It's gonna be worth shwam and bucks.
I went and checked those prices again just a few weeks ago,
and it's still ridiculous.
Nobody buys it now, but it's like even higher.
Even though they said like,
it's cool they're actually gonna start producing the stuff again.
Yeah, and they're already servicing stuff,
so that's cool, but yeah, it's just fucking unreal.
$6,000 for a little 30 HP single voice module
that doesn't even sound that great.
- Did you see that there's now reverb listings
for packaging that doesn't include the product?
Yeah, it's like original packaging for certain modules.
And it was like, it wasn't outrageous.
Let me rephrase that.
It was like 20 or 30 bucks,
which is outrageous for what is a cardboard box
with a stamp on it.
But I feel like that's crossing another line.
- Let's make bootleg boxes.
(laughing)
- I mean, I save mine.
I have a box that's literally just full of module boxes,
but yeah, you'd think that's something
somebody could really easily counterfeit.
- Yeah, I think it's a lot of them aren't all that amazing.
They're just plain white packaging box with a stamp on it.
Like you said, some don't even have a fucking stamp.
- The syntech stuff is just white box.
- Yeah, yeah, that's what you get.
And I get it.
I probably wouldn't.
- Yeah.
And I, like, as soon as I get the box,
I just throw there's a big shelf
that has all the empty boxes.
And then when I sell a module,
I just grab one that'll fit.
Like no one who's bought anything off of me off reverb.
Has the original one.
- Has the original one.
- Yeah, it's the one that fit.
- I try to always find the original when I sell it.
There's been a few times where I didn't,
or I couldn't find it
'cause I just had too many fucking module boxes or whatever.
So I just, yeah, slapped in whatever fit.
Especially when it comes to the mutable ones
'cause they're all pretty much similar, you know what I mean?
And only one time that I have somebody complain.
- Same.
- One time I had someone be like,
"No, didn't have the original box?"
- Yeah, they were like, "Fucking use it."
- They were like, "This was in a,
"I think I sent it in like a,
"it was like a make noise.
"What's the touch thing?"
I forget.
- Pressure points.
- I sent it in a pressure points box 'cause I found it.
I still had one and I was like, "Oh yeah."
Slap it in there and this guy was like,
"Whoa, this came in a pressure points box."
Well, I'm like, "That's okay, right?"
It was like, "I guess."
But it was like--
- Did you stop and remind yourself,
it's a fucking box.
- Yeah, I'm like, okay.
- That's not really what you were buying.
- I never even considered the fact
that somebody would like have an issue with that.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- With the way components are going, dude,
it might be the future, man.
All these original modules might soon be like collectable.
You know, because it might not be able to get reproduced
or shortage might impact modules overall so much.
It's kind of crazy.
- That's rad that Scott can do another piston run.
I was concerned about that and why they were so out of stock,
but definitely want one of those Mark 3s
like we were talking about a little.
Those look sick.
Just having that ability to CV sweep through presets
like the Bionic Blaster 2,
that kind of gets me excited after that live set.
- Yeah.
- That would make it so much easier to deal with stuff.
- Were you using the Luster in your live setup?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I had BIA and the piston Honda going into it.
Each of the channels just in low pass individually.
- Maybe we should just like weigh into that then.
- Yeah.
- Boss, I think it's boss RC 505.
They have a ton of different loopers.
They have like a 500 and like the pedal on
and some older ones.
But the 505 is the one that Blahwan uses
if you've seen any of those videos of him playing stuff
and he's used it for a number of years.
It's not new.
It's been out since like 2013 or something.
But they just like updated it to fix stuff in October.
So you could like have it follow midi clock, not slave,
follow midi clock and it would actually stay in time
and not like lose it over time.
And it works super well.
Like you can just set arbitrary loop lengths.
You get five of them.
You get effects on the input and the output.
And it's definitely been a game changer.
Definitely building mine.
Live set around it with the RIDOM 7U module
and that and just kind of dumping modular sequences.
Pretty much stealing Blahwan's steeze in a way,
but it's just like a good trick.
And as far as like modular sets,
it seems like a nice way to capture something
and keep it moving.
- He would not fucked with loopers deeply in the past.
- Not at all. - It's relatively new.
- Always generally avoided them or they didn't work
when you tried to sync it to a clock.
And yeah, so this one actually does work really well.
I kind of like that it's a little like 90s cheesy to like the case
and yeah, it's awesome.
Can't believe it works.
- You set effects on the inputs and outputs.
Can you have those simultaneously?
- No, I've found out you can't actually.
You can pick three different chains of them
and you can enable them or disable them.
They make an RC 202, which they made a number of years later
and it's just a two channel version,
which is still interesting.
But it's only like 200 bucks cheaper, so five versus two.
That one you get simultaneous effects.
I think they're a little more limited maybe
or you pick them a little differently.
But it's still like, I don't know,
that might do the trick for live stuff,
but also having like five loops is super appealing.
And I've learned you can like back stuff up to it
and it'll save them like as you're working.
So it's just like what I was doing with the Octatrack kind of,
but actually a little more seamless and less clicky
as far as the looping goes and like that.
- And I'm not sure if it's your interface.
- Oh my God, that was like a multi step thing
and it dominated the machine.
Whereas this is like you could be really drunk
and just hit the button and it'll loop it perfectly
and then hit it again and it'll overdub
or play it back.
So.
- Pretty configurable too.
- Yeah, like 99 minutes of like sampling time,
which is fucking time stereo.
- Sounds good enough, you know?
Doesn't sound like no easier shitty.
- So are you imagining a scenario where you have it
pre-loaded with a bunch of stuff
or are you gonna start with like a blank slate each set?
- Good question, I think both to some degree,
like three free ones and then two freebies maybe.
But then like, I don't know.
- That's a good question.
Then I'd have to like correlate them
and I'm kind of trying to not do that.
Because before I was going on the path of my modular,
I was like, I'm gonna make four patches in here
and I'm gonna try to iterate through these patterns
and like, that's a lot of setup
and a config to remember in a live set too.
And this can be more like,
maybe I can have some patches, but no, like all right,
I'm done, dump this over in a four bar loop
and then just fuck something up, keep it up
and then get going.
So I got some practice to do,
but it's been pretty damn good so far.
- Nice, nice.
- Yet integrated, like I haven't even looked at the manual,
except to remember how to,
you gotta do this modulation thing
so that the loops will stop when you stop midi-clock
if you want it to.
Otherwise it'll keep running, which you may want.
That's like a total viable thing
I could see people wanting to do.
And then, fuck was it?
I would like turn off the one effect.
- Yeah, it comes with like a huge phone book manual,
but you don't really need it at all.
It's pretty fucking straightforward.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
- Totally impressed with that thing.
They did a good job.
- And these types are decent enough?
- Yeah, totally.
There's like a low pass filter that does the job
and sounds a little bassy when it's low.
Beat repeat, super cheesy, but awesome.
It does the trick.
And some delay in reverb, the reverb is kind of shitty,
but you know, it's a live set.
- Can you do the thing, like, are the loops,
do they have individual outs
or is this all going through like the mat?
No, okay.
- Stereo input.
- Some ideas.
- Stereo output.
- Yeah, that would be the,
if they had multi outs on it, holy shit, that would be cool.
- I guess, if you really wanted to get crazy,
you could have two of them.
- I've seen people do that.
- Okay.
I'm just thinking like mixing in between,
you know what I mean?
And getting real complex
and having different gear going to one or the other,
you know what I mean?
And then looping in between the two.
- Yeah, you just can't just keep it simple.
- I know.
That's Jesus Christ is why.
- Oh, here's something really great and simple
and intuitive.
How can I make it super cool?
- That's what I do to it.
That's why I don't play out much
because I end up just making shit way more overly
fucking complicated for myself than it needs to be.
- You don't have to be on a rant.
- And then I'm not satisfied with it
because I failed to achieve this overly complicated
fucking plan that I have.
Nice fucker, I'm not gonna do a show.
- Actually, that makes me think it would be a good idea
to have two of the tiny boys, two of the two channels.
- Oh, shit.
- You get the full flexibility.
- Okay, now we're talking two sets out.
- I like it and it'd be 50 bucks more.
- Yeah.
- That's not a bad idea.
- That is interesting.
- Oh my God, like the look on your face.
- I'm just like, it's just, it's the wheels.
Like in the, you're a little.
- Right now I'm thinking pad-based,
maybe controller up to each one,
triggering different loops or prerecorded material
on one channel and loops, live loops on the other
and being able to punch it in.
- Yeah, that makes sense.
'Cause yeah, after using the looper,
like for a couple more weeks now,
it's still relatively new to me,
but I'm definitely much more used to it.
It definitely, it was such a lifesaver
and not live set for like transitions and shit like that.
Just the ability to like quick,
you know, I played the whole set basically through the looper.
Like it's just the analog rhythm and the 7U.
Really, I'd rather than the 7U inputs like mixed in there
than just took one output from the modular
into the looper and then just, you know,
you can audition it through there basically
and then just take your loops.
And at that point you just gotta be like,
okay, turn your volume fader down in your loop.
Take your loop, it's always perfect, which is really nice.
And then just like cut it over as you figure out
how to deconstruct the other channels
or get it to a point where you can dip that over
or switch your patterns, change your modular configuration
simply or whatever and then move.
And that worked out like super fucking well.
And I also realized too, I'd like having some loops on there
to like just some presets to be like,
okay, I know there's like this high hat pattern
with like a low base that I can throw on top
of like a kick drum pattern.
If I think it's like a little underweight
or something like that.
- Oh, so it's like a full like part of the song.
- Yeah, yeah, some of that stuff was.
Or like that's the thing that I had to practice
is like you can get into a rhythm where you like,
get your basic drum loop you wanna have,
like loop that up because you're looping everything
through the looper.
So if you want something to be separate,
you've got to loop it separately and not have it playing
'cause otherwise you'll be in the situation like,
oh, I just wanna loop the drums, but I have the whole mix
playing, but it's gonna sound like dicks
if I like just cut that out right now and take a loop.
So that's like part of the strategy I had to like
bake into my brain a little.
But you can also just at the end of the day be like,
all right, I'm just gonna loop everything
and get out of this.
So there's like that strategy too,
which I used to do on the octet track,
but like always kind of didn't work or,
yeah, just this is so much easier.
And then the ability to like affect that
and have like sync like filter,
shit like that, which is just,
it was a lot of fun in that live context to be able
to just filter shit down a little bit on the modular
and on that looper.
So yeah, it's like, I love it.
Like I can see myself just getting better at it over time.
And even as I was practicing at first,
it was just like one bar loop.
So then it was like two one bar loops,
two bar loop and a four, and then two ones,
a two, a four and an eight.
And I kind of like that set up
'cause like you can just take an eight bar loop,
do like a longer melodic thing, dump that off quick.
And then all right, now I can like reset the modular,
which is where that Harlequin's context comes into play too,
'cause then it's like, all right,
I know these like presets on Platts
will change these modes or like,
I did like a chord progression with it
on the Platts chord machine using like the harmonic parameter.
I think harmonic or timber,
whichever fucking one changes that.
I think what's the third parameter?
I don't remember.
Harmonic, there's timber, harmonics, frequency, more.
More, more, more.
That's a thank you.
Yeah, yeah, but more if you can more
like the chord shape.
I'll cut out us not remembering the word more.
Oh no, it's one of the two.
We all use three of them.
Well, that's the thing, like I just,
I have it all memorized.
I don't know if you can remember
look to see what's what on there.
'Cause I just like know what does what, you know?
It's bottom right.
Yeah.
So we, I remember asking you this at the show,
but you were using Harlequin's context
to even change the like the mode.
Like you basically had like a full like plats preset scene
set up in a, as you could just pop to that and like.
Totally.
Everything was just set up.
I did a really simply where I had those three chord variations
and I had the fourth one that was not.
It was I think FM or one of the other ones
to a certain parameter.
And then I had like harmonic and timber
were the other two knobs.
I think the fourth one was just open
'cause I changed like my patch at the end of it
just to not use something.
For our listener's sake and my own since I'm not too familiar
with it.
What is the Harlequin?
Oh yeah, that's a good point.
So it's basically, it does a bunch of things
but it's most basic.
It's like a static voltage preset.
So you get like four knobs that correspond to four outputs
that are just offsets.
So you can create like a preset basically
and then you have four buttons underneath that
that you can switch between.
But on the other level, you get like four sets of four buttons.
So you get like 16 things you can switch through.
And then there are other modes where you can actually
turn those into modulators too.
You can have them be little envelopes on each one
or LFOs are like a mix on each one.
And there's a gate and CV input.
Yes.
So it's kind of like poly and preset but like more compact.
Exactly.
Like a forebanger or okay.
And you can sequence through those with that CV gate.
They're like a bunch of different modes too.
It's like one of those things where it's really cool
in that I was using it within like 10 minutes of having it.
Like okay, like this is the basic mode.
But then there are these other like hidden modes
that you don't have to fuck with
but you can step through each of those scenes
for the four parameters, which is cool.
And this is what also got me on the select bus shit
'cause it uses that select bus stuff
that like the varigate eight and the varigate four
and some other things do like the Renee I think does it too.
Where you can have one, you get up two of them
and have one be leader and one be follower
and have like eight knobs.
And then just as you go through the presets, it'll switch
or as you change your varigate eight pattern,
it'll switch all of those presets on the Harlequin's context
and know which thing to go to.
I think the metron does that shit too.
I've been like eyeing that up even.
I'm glad it doesn't do pitch.
I know this is derail but that metron looks sick
but it doesn't do pitch without those little expanders
and I'm just not into it.
So based on the, you're describing the Harlequin's context
and like me watching like one video
and I think it was like, I forget who did the video.
It may have been from ShackMat.
- Yeah, it was good.
- I just ordered it right away.
I've not had a lot of time to play with it yet.
- Who makes it?
- ShackMat.
- There's stuff is cool.
- Yeah, ShackMat is a monitor.
- This is free build or a kit.
Both, you can get either.
I got it pre-built because I don't think any kits
were available, they just made them available like this week.
- Yeah, I couldn't find any kits.
- They do that like Bishops missile laney.
They have a bunch of like weird ones.
That one's like drum sequencing I think
or like something else.
- I've had a couple of those one you ones.
- Odd one you.
- Yeah, they have some good ones like that.
- There's one like a clock divider.
- That's it, yeah.
- There's like an octave one that I might get.
'Cause I've been into that a little bit.
- Yeah, I was looking into the octave one too.
- I've been like in the, I used that VPME.DE,
like octave and semitone switch are a lot last night.
That was anytime there was like a melodic transposition,
it was doing that with those switches,
which seems like it's so like,
feels like un-musical at the end of the day.
So I'm using this little mechanical switch
to like make a melody, but fuck it.
- It sounded good.
Was it quantized?
- Yeah, it did run into the,
that was the hysteria VCO with the quantize on.
- Okay. - I finally remember
to turn it on 'cause it won't remember it
through power cycle.
I was like, "Ooh, that's sour."
Like, "Oh fuck, I get into the red button."
And then it tightened it up.
- 'Cause there was none of that when you were playing last night.
It was just progressing very nicely.
And I was like, "Damn, that sounds really good."
It didn't have that sort of a micro-tonal vibe to it.
- Yeah, I practiced that for a while too.
There was like a specific switches I had to have.
And I even put like,
you know, those little LED cover stickers?
Like I was putting white ones of those on like certain modules,
like at certain positions.
So I could remember like,
"Oh yeah, it's this like in the middle of these seven switches.
Like this one's octave up and down or something like that."
But to take it all the way back to the looper,
they need to make another version of that looper.
It's like so close.
They're like, put a better screen on it.
Like a little like different effects.
Like there's some flaws too.
Like when you switch effects, you can't like,
I don't know what the delay value is.
I just, I even use like little pieces of paper
on the knob position to be like,
"Oh, this is where like I think quarter clock delay is."
Or something like that.
So there's a little shit like that
they could make it a lot nicer.
Yeah.
I don't know, loopers fucking tight though.
I definitely like it in the live set.
I couldn't imagine playing without one now.
- So now that you're like fired up for loopers,
is, have you looked at other ones?
Or is this the one that like you're stuck with?
- It's the best one.
- I don't know what to look like with.
But like you're sold on this one.
- Yeah.
I was even using the one in the ER 301 for a while.
There was a while where I had a version of the set
that didn't have the looper.
'Cause I was like, "Oh, I just want to be more compact.
This is too much shit."
But in the end, it's like,
it's just so nice to have that thing.
Like I just smash this button and it takes the loop.
It's like hard to get away from that.
You know, it's so simple.
- So Greg.
- Yeah.
- What else is on your list?
- Oh geez, my list.
- You're a little bit-- - What a list.
- I don't have a list bro.
- I don't have a list.
Nick didn't bring a list. - I didn't, I don't have a list.
- You had a list of three drinks.
- I was just trying to close it.
- You can't close it.
- This is true.
- Did you close your list?
- I did.
On accident.
- Okay.
- I gotta know where you are.
- What else is on my list?
Oh yeah, a little note from last episode.
The make noise straga.
- Oh yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
So last episode.
- We were not fans.
We were not enthusiastic.
- Yeah.
- Someone might be flip-flop.
- Oh, I had a lot of criticisms.
- I had a lot of criticisms.
I had a lot of criticisms about it.
The steep price tag, right?
The purposely obstrused panel and marketing verbiage.
Check.
And the quarantini worship aspect of it all, right?
Now here we are a few months later.
- We know it's gone.
- I feel the same way about all of that.
- Oh!
That was an M9 chemele on twist.
- Ah, to least.
- I pulled the rug out.
- I really thought this was going somewhere different.
I thought you were gonna reach down underneath the counter
and pull out like you had one.
- That would have been sick.
- I bought one.
- I kind of want to.
Like the criticism I have, I still feel the same about.
However, over the last couple months,
since the last episode, there's been a few demos
and overviews of it on YouTube.
The demos especially have kind of opened my eyes to it.
There's a couple of people that are making things with it
that don't just sound like quartini in a box.
People are starting to get a little creative with it.
And I'm starting to like warm up to it a little bit.
It seems like as far as like a highly portable semi-modular
noise drone box, it would be nice.
You know, in a live setup.
I probably wouldn't have too much use for it in the studio,
but I can definitely see it be appealing to me
for a live setup.
It's just that price tag is the only reason why I haven't
bought one.
I'm kind of digging the sound, but it's hard to justify $600.
- Yeah.
- For that, when there's a lot of other things out there
that you can get for $600.
- Yeah.
- That are a little.
- And look, we talked about last time.
Like you could make something that you wanted to do.
Replicate a lot of that.
- Right.
- Sure.
- And get more precisely what you're looking for.
- Like those dread box modules that you even,
- Yeah.
- Like those are like what, $99 a piece?
- $99 bucks each.
- And you can get the delay, the filter, the VCO
and probably be very close to strike territory
minus the touch points and things like that.
- Like the oscillator.
- Yeah.
It sounded good.
- Yeah, I dig it.
That module was.
- So much CV control too.
They're like patched out really nicely.
- Yeah, I would like to look more into those,
especially now that I'm on a tight budget
for the next several months.
- You know what I mean?
It's like any modules that I get it,
they're gonna have to be cheap or used or both.
- Yeah, especially if someone was getting into module,
I think those would be a great start
'cause there's 99 bucks for the like dual VCA
and filter too.
I don't know if it's dual, but like that was too,
like that plus the oscillator,
like that's pretty cool for 200 bucks.
- Right.
- I'd much rather go that route over a baringer.
- Oh yeah, fuck yeah.
- For like cheap starter modules.
- No question.
- Just your average East Coast style synth modules.
- And like Pittsburgh kinda had that area for a while.
- Yeah.
- Of like this sort of like inexpensive,
like a G-boss later, G-filter, G-VCA.
But it seemed like they've switched gears.
- I mean, Dopher is still a solid choice too.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I don't mean to roll them out,
but at the same time, like not a whole lot of people
carry them, you know what I mean?
And they have so many choices now
that it's kind of overwhelming.
Like their stuff is so broken out, per module, you know what I mean?
- There's like a lot of like dash X
or there's a lot of like variations on existing ones
and it was like, oh wait, which one of these do I want?
- Yeah, I mean, it can be confusing to us,
you know, who's been fucking with this shit for years now.
You know, I can't imagine someone who's new jumping in
being like, well, I'm gonna go all Dopher
and, you know, take a look at their lineups, see what we're getting.
It's just gonna be fucking overwhelming, I'm sure, and confusing.
- I don't like the way they look with the layouts,
but they do sound new generally.
- That too, yeah, they do have a static of them, yeah.
- The Barringer ones, someone that we know
that has a ton of them, like if you have an issue with one,
they'll straight up just send you a new one.
They were like, oh, don't even send the other one back.
Just like, here you go.
- Like that's how like a Palm Pilot, like that level of just like,
it's not worth trying to fix it.
- Just take two more.
- It's just like, the Dredbox ones, like they sound great,
they look great, yeah, I like those colorful panels.
- Good too.
- Everything's like a unique color,
so you can tell the modules apart from each other,
and they just seem to, I don't know, they're just more appealing.
- Mm-hmm, my only complaint with them,
it's not too big is that they do jacks on the top and the bottom.
Instead of just having like the jack field
at the top or the bottom.
- Sure, but it's, they're still like,
so nice to use in the slider, so like really,
I don't know, I love the thing, it's cool.
- So ultimately you're not gonna get Strega.
- If I can find one used in the near future,
I would buy it probably, you know, at a decent discounted price.
I don't think I would ever pay retail for that,
for what it is, or something.
- So fast forward to the next episode where we show up
and you've got two of us,
- Yeah. - Just taking it right now
and see if they're used Stregas.
- I saw one pop up on Wiggler.
I'm just gonna call it Wiggler.
- Yeah.
- 570.
- It's so quick.
- Oh, there's one on Reverb too.
I always like neglect Reverb.
- Oh yeah, there's the gouge, it's so Reverb.
There's the one for $811 with $50 shipping.
- Nice, yeah, I'll buy that one.
- Pre-order for the full price and then there's an actual 570,
one that'll be gone in like the next refresh.
- I mean, if that one's more than retail,
it's probably got like some Cortini sperm on it or something.
- Right, yeah.
- It's, that one's extra magical.
It's got that extra Cortini alchemy.
- You lick the inside of the case.
- What else on this list?
We barely made a dent.
- We made a big dent.
Aside from that, I just have some stats of the SSF.
AKA Steady State Fate, the TripTic.
- That's what the basic had a hand in this.
- Yes, sir.
- Our homey basic.
- Yeah.
- And also someone who I'm not familiar with,
boy's noise.
- Oh yeah, they're like a pretty relatively popular
like techno and a group.
- Yeah.
- Boy's noise.
- Techno, huh?
- Yeah, believe so.
- I heard the kids are into the techno's these days.
- Some of them are.
- Yeah, I don't know, it's kind of neat.
- You know, mainly grabbed my attention
'cause it was, you know, the basic,
collab, and I was like, okay, what the fuck's he doing?
- Maybe techno's a stretch.
- Yeah, what is it?
- And we're like.
- He's like remixed snoop in some other people,
so it's probably not like.
- Oh, okay, so like EDM-ish.
- Does it genre's electro house, techno and acid house?
- So it's probably like a little more EDM.
- That is why I am unfamiliar,
'cause that is not my wheelhouse.
- Same.
- Okay.
Fair enough.
- Sorry.
(laughs)
- Don't be, I'm just curious.
At a glance, it looked just like a filter/distortion.
I was like, okay.
And then I saw the price and I said,
why the fuck is a filter/distortion module?
That expensive.
So I looked into the stats a bit more.
- 400?
- Yeah, 399.
So a $400 filter with distortion.
Like that seems a little steep.
It's multi-mode filter, low pass, band pass,
and high pass, 12 dB slope.
The filter you can reroute,
to either be at the input stage after the input VCA,
or at the end of the stage right before the output VCA.
- Okay, that's okay.
That's a nice little touch.
- Mm-hmm.
- And then it also has an effects circuit,
which is a flange delay,
flange delay and comb filter.
- You just pick one or they serialize?
- It's like all in one, I think,
depending on where you have it.
- I'm here.
- I mean, there's a few knobs
that change different states of it,
but you can't have it through all three simultaneous.
It's like all part of the same circuit.
And it's a BBD circuit, essentially.
They said that it's a BBD circuit
that accentuates the clock noise
instead of filtering it or suppressing it.
They kept the clock noise in there,
and they said it has a quality to it
that enhances higher frequency harmonics.
- Yeah.
- So it seems like it's meant to add a little magic,
I guess, to the distortion.
- Yeah.
- Which is kind of cool.
- The distortion itself has two different modes.
Fold and clip or refractal fold and clip.
The first fold and clip saturates the input signal
before folding it over into itself and hard clips,
which is pretty standard.
And then the refractal fold clip saturates
and then gently folds and does some trickery
where the refractory peak forms rebounds
into the opposite direction before hard clipping
and results in more gain.
I'm not really sure what that's all about, but I'm curious.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
And more gain is always nice.
- Right, right.
- And a distortion box.
The flange comb delay BBD circuit has two different modes,
called high and low.
The low mode has a wider range for the delay effects.
I guess you can get longer times out of it,
but it's still pretty tight from what I was reading,
like longer-ish tones, I should say.
- Okay.
- And then the high includes a broader spectrum
for comb filtering specifically.
So it's kind of neat.
I'm a little disappointed that it's monophonic.
- That is a bummer, yeah.
- For the price, I would kind of expected,
you know, some stereo outs.
And it's SSF, which already has a stereo filter.
They got the D-pole.
- Yeah, right.
- Which costs the same.
So, wow.
- Yeah.
Some kind of surprise I didn't like work
some of that, you know, features into this.
- It may have also really increased the price though.
- Mm.
- Yeah, honestly though, if you're already hitting
that $400 mark for a fucking filter,
I feel like people would probably be willing
to send a few extra bucks for a stereo version of it.
I know I would, you know what I mean?
If I was already going that direction,
and yeah, the stereo would probably pull me in.
Like, if it was what, $4.99 instead of $3.99
to have a stereo version of it,
it would be that much more useful to me.
You know what I mean?
To be able to route stereo signals through all that.
- Right, yeah.
- Whereas weirdly, I would still like
the industrial music.
- I heard, and what is it?
British noise electronics, the grit filter is like--
- That's at the same price.
- The same price, $3.99, yeah.
That was, you're on the same page as me.
I was just about to say that, like,
if I'm about to drop $400 on a filter,
I would probably be leaning more towards
the British noise electronics, yeah.
I mean, it lacks that, you know, the BBD circuit,
but it has some really nice gain staging
and characteristics and the demos that I've heard at least.
- Parallel saturation stuff, the sound of it overall
is fucking very appealing to me.
- I would, if you had it.
- Yeah, if I had $400 burning a hole in my pocket,
I'd be torn between the grit and the triptych, I think.
You know what I mean?
I had it in a cart today for 360,
'cause the Memorial Day--
- Digital material day.
- So did I, dude.
And that's what got me looking into the triptych.
So I was like, oh, both of these are cool.
I can't really afford either.
I don't know why I'm looking at this,
but yeah, I had it in my cart.
I was like, that Memorial Day sale price looks a lot nicer,
but yeah.
- Yeah, 'cause they were super hard to get,
and then all of a sudden, perfect circuit
got a bunch of them.
- And Detroit modular also.
- Yeah.
- They're in stock and on sale,
and free shipping would be here in two days.
Yeah, that was the--
- No, that was what I was doing.
- I mean, you're practically leaving money on the table.
(laughing)
- Look at this.
It is, like earlier today, I was like,
yeah, that would've been fun to use at the show.
It just sounds like this quality,
you know, the quality of it sounds really good.
- It does.
It's not quite over-stayer,
but it reminds me of some of the game staging type of
fuck shit up levels I can get out of the over-stayer.
You know, I'm like, that's kind of convenient to have
and a little module,
'cause I only have one over-stayer,
and sometimes I wish I had multiples
to achieve that effect, you know what I mean?
And I'm like, if I had that and the over-stayer
routing two of the things simultaneously,
that'd be nice.
Yeah, it's a nice filter.
And that's the thing about the Triptych II,
is that I haven't really been blown away by the demo so far.
A lot of it, I mean, it sounds good,
but it's not blowing me away.
I'm not like, oh, that thing has a very specific character.
You know what I mean?
Like even with the BBD circuit,
like it just kind of reminds me of something
I've done many times before,
and that's a tight delay through a distortion,
you know what I mean?
It's a very familiar sound.
Yeah.
And that's cool, I guess, that you have it all in one,
but I don't really need that.
I'm more interested in a very unique characteristic
to my distortion, you know what I mean?
I wonder, I'm kind of curious if they either
of the people involved did like circuit designer,
if they were just like features,
like we want this, this, and this,
and they were like, all right, we can knock that together
and put it behind this panel,
'cause it looks like the panel's kind of similar
to the new thing they did, the Vorda.
Vorda CUS or whatever.
Very similar, like no, I'll play out, I think.
Yeah.
So I wondered if they kind of lifted that,
like, okay, we can make this at this price,
'cause we can just use these panels
and put a new screen print on it.
Yeah, I was just curious about what level
their involvement was as well.
It kind of reminds me of the WMD trash master,
'cause that was a collabo with some industrial dudes too.
That's right.
Name I'm drawing a blank on all of a sudden.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
But yeah, they apparently had a lot of input
on the design of that thing overall,
including the, what is it, the Screamer Tube circuit
that's in there.
I didn't know this, I didn't know this was a collaboration.
That's.
Triptych or trash master?
Trash master.
Oh really?
Yeah, yeah, it was a collab.
Mastercraft.
Mastercraft, that's it, yeah.
I wasn't too familiar with their music.
I learned a little more about them after getting a trash master
and being like, yeah, if I was gonna design
a filter distortion, this would be pretty close to it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah.
I still love my trash master.
I only have one in my rig now at this time.
I did have two at one point, but it's still like,
it's just like a staple in my setup at this point.
Did you get a black panel for it?
I did.
Nice.
Finally, fucking finally, man.
I was always hoping that they would do that.
At first, they said no, and then now they have black panels
available pretty much everything.
Yeah.
So I got them, yeah.
Every WMD module I have now is a black panel.
Redid them all.
I noticed a few people go in default.
I think noise engineering's default black now
and maybe these continuing silver.
I think WMD is default now as well.
I will say it's much easier like in the low light situation.
I have those like red lights.
Yeah.
And you can read the text pretty clearly with those.
It's hard with even regular light.
I just ended up not using that one.
Black panels are definitely shit.
That's the only bummer about Harlequin's context.
Yeah.
I don't think they're doing black panels.
And I've got a couple of modules where I'm like,
I'll just scratch this off and just paint my own module.
But that has way too much text and things that I need to read.
So it's probably gonna be silver until...
Do they?
They don't do black panels at all, do they?
I look.
No, and like...
They should.
It'd be so easy.
And even keeping the weird, like,
like, gradiated lines on them.
Putting those, making those, like,
gray or white on black panel.
If they're listening.
Yeah, please.
So nice.
And it's also the one not black panel in my, like, live setup.
And so now it's just like the Ujai sword.
Mine's bunched.
There's a lot more silver that crept in for me.
Like the Tangle quartet, the piston,
Honda and, you know, bionic blaster.
So it's a little spotier for me now.
It was close.
My Tangle's in the 7U.
And I got the dual VCA,
which is like the two-channel veils from after later.
That's what I've been using.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
'Cause I only need two voices in the live,
the palette.
Yeah.
And combines them.
So...
Actually, that's wrong.
I had the Metron.
What is it?
WMD SSF one that was used in the Tangle quartet.
'Cause the mute switches, which are so nice live.
That's the thing you don't have mute switches in the Tangle.
True.
The one thing I would want to add, but I get why it's not there.
Effects aid, Igor added to the effects aid today,
which was like waking up and getting a present.
Seeing like, oh yeah, you can see V through the presets.
It's like fucking right, you can't.
That's a stun.
And now how do you get to--
Through the Harlequin outputs automatically right now.
So how do you get to that though?
'Cause you've got the, at least with the,
actually either version, how do you specify
that you want to use a CV for that moment?
It's the same way that you specify CV for the other inputs now.
You know there's like, I think you hold the--
You hold it and then you get the option,
and it's one of three.
That lines up with the knobs.
Is there like another setting now?
Yeah, I didn't check fully, but I just, I don't know.
That's how you're going to do it.
Okay.
No, that's amazing.
Yeah.
Especially, it is pretty seamless going between them.
Oh, I think it's the sample rate input that'll do it too.
Oh, okay.
Which is good, yeah.
It's like, that is like a cool effect,
but it's not one that I've used often for like music.
I'm like, oh, I can, yeah, it's just novel.
Right, right.
So yeah, that would be sick.
FX-A just keeps getting better and better.
Greg definitely does.
Yeah, I need to get a couple.
Yeah, I'm a two and I've almost bought a third.
Really is amazing.
I've been content with my noise engineering,
versus yours so far.
I have two of them now.
Oh, cool.
Playing with different firmware is all of them.
Oh, that's cool.
I can't remember if I dipped into this in the last episode.
I think we touched on it a little bit.
We did talk about it.
I don't think we talked about the alternate firmware,
so I think that's cool.
Yeah, I'll have to say it for a later date,
'cause I didn't really prepare for that.
And it's been a minute since I touched on it,
I've been busy moving and shit, but.
So you just teased it.
You're teasing, yeah.
Tusing you, dude.
Gotta keep you on edge.
Coming.
Gotta keep you wanting.
Some of the two thousand.
(laughs)
But yeah, I've been playing with the alternative firmware,
as one is a stereo distortion, which is quite nice.
Oh, cool.
And the other one is a different configuration
of like reverb and stuff, and it's neat.
And there's a new one I'm gonna fuck with
that I saw on Muff's or Mod or whatever the fuck today.
It's a third party firmware.
This guy's been working on.
Oh, I heard about that.
It's a multi-effect.
Oh, yeah, it's kinda cool.
It's got like stereo filter,
it's got a couple different reverbs,
it's got his own take on the Panharmonium,
which I recently sold to help get money to move,
and I'm missing it, and I'm like, well, holy shit.
I can get like, I mean, it's a stripped down version
of Panharmonium, but the way he described it,
it's to do the type of shit that I was doing
with the Panharmonium anyways.
So if I can get like a poor man's version of that
on my Versio for free, fuck yeah.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah.
I feel bad now that I don't have the guy's name at hand
to give him a shout out, but yeah,
there's a whole thread on Muff's right now
with this guy discussing like the development of it,
you know, as it progresses.
Oh, that's cool.
It's reached version 0.4 today.
Added some enhancements.
I think it's like six or seven or eight different effects
you can pull up on it.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
The only alternative firmware that I fucked with recently
is put hemispheres on ornament crime.
Oh, right.
So I liked ornament crime,
but I always felt like I was only getting like 90% of it
because there was just that last bit
that was just so fucking academic and dense that I was like,
and I would like screw with it and be like,
that sounds kind of cool, but this is just,
just that bridge too far from like,
I'm like, I'm not fully grokhing this.
It was awesome, but I was like,
I'm just not getting as much out of as I could.
So hemispheres is like a lot of the cool stuff
that's in ornament and crime,
but without that sort of just like that last bit
of like academic chin scratching density and ever,
but also adding a lot of just like a ton of simple stuff.
And like the way that I think about it is like,
it's like a cross between like a distinct and warrior wear.
Like you just have a bunch of these things
and they're all like kind of stripped down
'cause you only have like the one button to control.
Like basically like you have the push and the knob
and but now it's separated for the A and the B.
- Yeah.
- And yeah, and you can like switch between them
and all of the inputs are halved.
Like the, you know, like the two CV and the two gates are for A,
then the other two are for B.
And a couple of them will actually chain between them.
Like I think it's the sequencer one
that if they're both set to the same thing,
they can be combined.
- So you're always rocking doubles no matter what.
And hemispheres.
- Except for, yeah, except for a couple of cases
where you can actually be like,
I want both of them to work and then they can,
you can actually go between,
like they'll actually just operate as one.
- Oh, okay.
- But everything else is completely,
they're just completely independent, super smooth.
A bunch of like really like bread and butter stuff,
like not some bolts.
And that's why I think there's like that
disting element to it of like, you know,
you can use this for just a fucking AD envelope
if you wanted to.
But you can also do these like really interesting
sort of like logic stuff.
There's these weird like latching like modes
and there's a ton of them.
- So latching as in like, like setting a vault
once it hits a threshold, it'll stay high
until it gets another reset.
Yes, like really interesting little stuff like that.
- Nice.
- And that's why like the warrior where analogy comes in
'cause it's just like, here's a cool little thing that works.
And it's not super complicated,
but if that's what you're looking for,
it's super fucking useful.
Nifty.
I mean, that's that element, the ornaments of crime
has always turned me off.
So I haven't ever gotten one 'cause it looked like
it was too much menu and not enough interface.
You know, just one knob, one button type of thing.
And I was like, yeah.
And a lot of the stuff in it never really appealed to me,
but yeah, hemisphere, I'm intrigued.
Dave, tell me more.
What's your go to in there?
- So right now I've been doing a, what's it called?
The little, there's a little five step sequencer
with that thing.
- Five step.
- Five step, but then if anything drops down to zero,
it just gets skipped.
So you can make it any amount that you want.
- I do have five step sequins.
- Yeah.
And the other one is that weird little logic thing
where I have it where basically I set like a threshold.
And then once that gets hit,
then the output stays at that
and then you can reset that later.
- Yeah, I like that logic.
I've used other stuff to rig that type of thing up.
- Same here.
And I was like, this is, I don't have to rig it up now.
I just have it with these a couple of inputs
and then just become super useful.
- Nifty.
- Yeah.
And there's a bunch of them that I've like,
I go, cool, that's there and haven't really used that much,
but it's rather than it's there.
And it's super fucking stable.
Like I've had no problems with it.
It was super easy to update, like to add to it.
I don't know, like if I went back to the original firmware
for it, I'd still get a ton of use out of it.
I think it's a useful module,
but this is like way more useful.
This appeals to my brain a lot better.
- Nice.
- This tracker in front of us is pretty cute.
That's for sure.
- It is, every time I see it,
I've seen it a couple of times now
and see pictures of it.
It is an amazing object.
It is just beautifully designed.
It looks very nice.
Like it's one of the things where I would be,
normally just put stickers on shit
and if it gets dinged up or whatever,
it gets dinged up.
But I may even have a compulsion
to keep something like that nice.
- I mean, that's pretty dirty at the moment.
It's not that nice.
- Well, not even mentioned.
- It's a little filthy.
- It looks nice, got proper felt though.
It should be kind of filthy.
- You know.
- I mean, aside from the lack of stereo sampling,
I don't have too many complaints about it,
but I noticed online some people's honeymoon phase
is ending with it.
Some people are complaining about the jog wheel
messing up and things like that.
Some people I think,
I think there was a little bit of backlash
going on to the price of the skin diversions
and like the price differences with those
and I don't know.
It didn't really bother me.
I didn't really care about either the new skin versions.
My cousin, however, was pissed
'cause he had just bought one and then those dropped
and he was like pretty pissed
'cause he said he wanted the banana one.
- I was gonna say it was the Bogdan banana one.
- I don't even think he's familiar with Bogdan,
but he just really liked the banana skin.
He was like, I would have paid more for that.
I'm like, you would have paid more.
'Cause it's got a banana one.
I was like, do just buy some fucking banana stickers.
- Yeah.
- Or style flip it.
- Style flip it.
- Yeah.
- It's probably what it is.
- Well, that'd be amazing if it really was
and it wasn't even applied.
You had to, it just came with the style flipped sticker
and you had to put it on yourself
but it cost way more than it would cost
for you to just get it on your own.
- I don't know.
The look of it in its normal state,
just plain black.
- Yeah, that was beautiful.
- Peel to me, so did the price.
So like having one that was all brightly colored
and like, you know, different looking
and more expensive didn't appeal to me in any way
even with extra sample pack on there.
- Right.
- Like I don't give a shit.
I'm loading this thing with my own sounds.
I don't need to pay a premium
for other people's sounds that I'm never gonna touch.
- It looks like Pre Lenovo IBM
like made some weird side project music thing
and there it is.
- Yeah.
It looks like machine.
Everything has like a precision on it that is a...
- Buttons are the hotness.
- Yeah.
- I wish they had, these are much nicer
than like the electron ones
and I kind of wish the electron on so like that.
- Yeah, I love the fuel.
- Right, so the jog wheel's pretty big and circular.
So if you want, I can make you a sticker of my face
to put on the jog wheel.
- So you're solid, okay.
Nice. - Nice.
- I like it.
- Going around around the circle.
- I like it. - Laring at you.
- Okay.
In like four different ways, right?
So no matter how I turn it, it's like right side up.
- Yes.
- No, it's yes.
- Like could you make it a hologram too?
- So you're like, "Oh yeah."
- Now we're talking.
- Eating like a spax sandwich or something.
- Or like that lenticular art with the,
where it would change.
So it's like a two frame animation
of like me biting into a sandwich.
- That's sick, that would be awesome.
- Yeah.
- Okay, I'll try a premium for that.
Yeah, consider it done.
- I'll get a tracker just for that sticker.
I did have a tracker for a week,
but it intimidated me.
Or rather, I didn't want to get into another system.
It was cool though.
- I haven't had a system
not intimidate me as much as this one.
You know what I mean?
- No, yeah.
- I find it fairly welcoming for me.
I jive with it well.
This, you know, I'm still digging it.
You know what I mean?
Even after a few months now,
it's still like my go-to,
trying to figure out how to put stuff on there
to perform on things like that.
Not just use it as a studio tool.
- So this is gonna be in your live setup?
- Most likely, I don't think I'm gonna be
basing my entire set off of it.
- I think that's gonna still be mostly based off of the
teraz and some form of either a noise rig,
you know what I mean?
Modular or a couple small desktops
that I can utilize with the teraz.
And this will just be like an accompanying piece of gear
that I can bounce into some rhythms with,
some patterns, but not based everything off of.
- No, it's a rising just 'cause I could see a scenario
where someone, this was the hearts and brains of it.
Everything was based off of that.
- Would you do like DJ mixer stuff set up
and like fade over to it?
Like, just figure that out.
- That's still what I'm trying to figure out.
And you talking about that 505.
- Oh yeah.
- Has me thinking other things now too.
It was like, you know, if I could just loop chunks
of the tracker and overlay with things going on with the
teraz. - That was perfect.
- Yeah, I'd be having a blast with that, I think.
(upbeat music)